# Setup

These drivers have been built with the Keil (pronounced `kill` in `kill me`) and
Code Composer Studio (CCS) IDEs in mind. Officially, RAS supports CCS, but
example projects have been built for both platforms. 

## Installing Git

"Git is a free and open source [FOSS] distributed version control system"
designed for managing projects and files of all types. Git is particularly used
in programming to help students and professionals manage their code and
collaborate with other people across the internet. 

You can install git either [manually](https://git-scm.com/downloads) to use via
CLI (a.k.a Powershell, bash, zsh, etc) or with a third party GUI. For the
latter, we recommend [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/), which works
for both macOS and Windows. 

A tutorial for Github Desktop can be found
[here](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop). For CLI users who want to learn git
commands, here's a [simple visual
guide](https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/) and Github's [Git
cheatsheet](https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf). 

## Creating a Github Account

The next thing to do is to create your own Github account.
[Github](https://github.com/) is a remote server application that stores your
code and allows you to collaborate with others. For many people, Github can also
be used to store your projects between machines, advertise your portfolio to
companies, [and](https://dimembermatt.github.io/) [to](https://jason-math.github.io/
) [host](https://pyrito.github.io/) [your](https://jmoore34.github.io/) [own](https://stefandebruyn.github.io/) [website](https://tianshu.io/) [for](http://www.brianqhnguyen.me/) [free](https://alextekle.com/). 


## Downloading the RASware repository

After you create your Github account, then you can download
[RASware](https://github.com/ut-ras/UTRASWare) onto your computer to begin
playing with it. 

Command line users can clone the repository with the URL
`https://github.com/ut-ras/UTRASWare.git`.  

## Github Desktop

Github Desktop users can take the RASware
[url](https://github.com/ut-ras/UTRASWare) and go to the Code -> Open with
GitHub Desktop button. Here's the specific tutorial
[guide](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/adding-and-cloning-repositories/cloning-a-repository-from-github-to-github-desktop)
to get you going. 

## CCS (Windows/Mac/Linux)

Now that your repository has been cloned (preferable in a place you know, such
as `C:/users/xxx/Documents/Github` or `~/Documents/Github`), it's time to
install CCS. 

Here's the CCS install
[tutorial](https://software-dl.ti.com/ccs/esd/documents/users_guide/ccs_installation.html),
and here is the download [page](https://www.ti.com/tool/download/CCSTUDIO). 

## Alt:Keil (Windows)

Those looking to install Keil (pronounced `kill` as in `kill me`), can follow
Professor Valvano's [guide](http://users.ece.utexas.edu/~valvano/Volume1/) for
setting it up. 
